README.md, before:

# Blogger to Markdown

 Convert Blogger & WordPress backup blog posts to hugo compatible markdown documents 


    Usage: node index.js b|w <BLOGGER BACKUP XML> <OUTPUT DIR>

For Blogger imports, blog posts and comments (as seperate file `<postname>-comments.md`) will be created in "`out`" directory

```
node index.js b your-blogger-backup-export.xml out
```

For WordPress imports, blog posts and comments (as seperate file `<postname>-comments.md`) will be created in "`out`" directory

```
node index.js w your-wordpress-backup-export.xml out
```

If you want the comments to be merged in your post file itself. you can use flag `m` at the end. Defaults to `s` for seperate comments file

```
node index.js w your-wordpress-backup-export.xml out m
```

If converting from WordPress, and you have posts that do not contain HTML, you can use a `paragraph-fix` flag at the end.

```
node index.js w your-wordpress-backup-export.xml out m paragraph-fix
```

## Installation (usual node project)

* Download or Clone this project
* `cd` to directory
* Run `npm install` to install dependencies
* Run `node index.js <arg...>`

## Notes to self

Script to convert posts from Blogger to Markdown.

- [x] Read XML
- [x] Parse Entries (Posts and comments) (with xpath?)
- [x] Parse Title, Link, Created, Updated, Content, Link
- [ ] List Post & Respective comment counts
- [x] Content to MD - pandoc?
- [ ] Parse Images, Files, Videos linked to the posts
- [x] Create output dir
- [ ] List items that are not downloaded( or can't) along with their .md file for user to proceed


## Reasons

* Wrote this to consolidate and convert my blogs under one roof.
* Plain simple workflow with `hugo` 
* Ideas was to download associated assets (images/files) linked to post. Gave up, because it was time consuming and anyhow I need to validate the markdown with assets of converted. And I don't see benefit.
* Initial assumption was to parse with `xpath` but I found `xml2json.js` was easier
* Also thought `pandoc` is a overkill and `turndown.js` was successful, though I had to wrap empty `text` to `md` instead of `html`.
* I want to retain comments. Believe it or not, There were some **good** comments.
* Was sick and spent around ~12 hrs over 5 days in coding and testing with my blog contents over ~150 posts. And also, I find parsing _oddly satisfying_ when it result in success. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`

Commit message:

General cleanup and adding my needs
Dropped WordPress support.
Added use of the turndown-plugin-gfm to support tables and better formatting.
Added turndown-plugin-image-with-style to support styled images.
Unwrap PRE surrounded by a trivial DIV or BLOCKQUOTE.
Add ability to drop comments.
Add ability to place files in published directory YYYY/MM/slug.md
Strip trailing hyphen from slugs.
Switch FrontMatter to TOML

README.md, after:

# Blogger to Markdown

 Convert Blogger backup blog posts to hugo compatible markdown documents 


    Usage: node index.js b|w <BLOGGER BACKUP XML> <OUTPUT DIR>

For Blogger imports, blog posts and comments (as seperate file `<postname>-comments.md`) will be created in "`out`" directory

```
node index.js your-blogger-backup-export.xml out
```

If you want the comments to be merged in your post file itself. you can use flag `m` at the end. Defaults to `s` for seperate comments file. You can also drop the comments with flag 'd' at the end.

```
node index.js your-wordpress-backup-export.xml out m
```

## Installation (usual node project)

* Download or Clone this project
* `cd` to directory
* Run `npm install` to install dependencies
* Run `node index.js <arg...>`

## Notes to self

Script to convert posts from Blogger to Markdown.

- [x] Read XML
- [x] Parse Entries (Posts and comments) (with xpath?)
- [x] Parse Title, Link, Created, Updated, Content, Link
- [ ] List Post & Respective comment counts
- [x] Content to MD - pandoc?
- [ ] Parse Images, Files, Videos linked to the posts
- [x] Create output dir
- [ ] List items that are not downloaded( or can't) along with their .md file for user to proceed

## Why

* Liked what the original version did, but needed a bunch of tweaks so worth forking. Also don't care about WordPress exports, so killed that off.
* Needed to port my dead dead dead Blogger to Hugo.
